This place is amazing!
All the wildlife here
really is wild.
Let's land
and take a closer look.
Mm-hmm.
Aah!
Tails, check the radar!
Mayday!
We caught them by surprise.
Quick, fire now!
- Roger.
Ha!
Time for some fun.
What are you gonna do, Sonic?
Ha!
You'll see.
- Ohh!
Quick, fire!
Too late!
Oh, no!
BOTH:
We are going to crash!
All right!
Uh-oh!
- The wing!
- Look out!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
[Ratchet clicking]
[Sighs]
[Grunts]
I fixed it.
But, Tails,
the wing is still broken.
You're right.
This machine can't fly.
So we'll walk.
[Beeping]
I forgot the X Tornado can walk!
Whoa!
[Coughs]
Still needs work.
[Laughs]
Can't I do something to help?
No, thanks.
I can handle this myself.
Oh, hmm.
It sure is quiet around here.
[Beeping]
I don't even have
any phone service here.
[Sighing]
You can take a nap
if you want, Chris.
It's gonna take some time
to do these repairs.
Okay.
I'll wake you when I'm done.
Oh, thanks.
You know, Tails, there's
something about this place
that's really different
from home.
Really?
Yeah.
Time seems to move slower here
than in the city.
Don't you feel it's different?
No.
This place feels familiar
in a certain way.
It's like being back home.
You must really miss it there.
I missed it really bad at first,
but now I also like
Station Square.
Someday I want to start
an engineering company there
and build lots of machines.
That's cool!
When it comes
to building machines,
you're the best there is, Tails.
Thanks.
So, what do you think you
want to do when you're older?
Well, I really want to study
zoology, I think.
Grandpa and my dad want me
to like building machines,
just like they do.
But since I met you guys,
I figured out
I'm more interested in animals
than machines.
I don't mean that you guys
are just animals, you know.
Great, I'm done!
And this time I'm sure
it really is fixed, Chris.
Let's go and look for Sonic.
Right.
[Coughing]
Blast that hedgehog!
Huh?
[Roars]
[Grunting]
Ohh!
E-65 is going ape!
Stop monkeying around.
We have a mission to complete.
[Grunting]
Time to go.
Dr. Eggman, we will
contact you when we find Sonic.
Don't fail me!
Yes, Doctor.
Take off, E-65!
Ha!
I love it here 'cause there's
plenty of room to run around!
Tails and Chris must have
landed the X Tornado
somewhere around here.
Huh?
Well, you're pretty fast
for a kitty cat.
[Growls]
So, you want to race, huh?
Well, you are pretty speedy
compared to the other animals
on this slow-pokey planet.
But on the raceway,
I'm a real tiger.
See?
[Laughs]
I wonder
what they're building here.
Isn't this a nature preserve?
MAN: [Foreign accent]
Get it moving there!
[Foreign accent] Hurry!
We have deadline to meet with!
Boris, we need to get this done
quick and get out of here.
Sir, could you tell us
what you're building?
Huh?
How did you get here?
This is restricted area.
It's dangerous.
Can't you see
we are building a dam?
A dam?!
What's a dam?
It's something you build
when you want to hold back
the water
from a river or a lake.
But, Chris, I don't see
any water around here.
Yeah. How come you're
building a dam here, sir?
You are being like that elephant
over there.
Too nosy.
Is none of your business
what we are doing.
But have you guys thought about
what will happen
to the wildlife around here
after you're done
building this thing?
Who cares about wildlifes?
Ivan, come here and introduce
yourself to these pests.
[Laughs evilly]
Now go get lost, or I'll
send Ivan here to find you.
Let's go.
Listen up, you losers!
You're just a bunch a wimps!
You deserve to lose your home!
You okay?
Hmm.
Sorry.
It's just,
back in the world I came from...
No, please don't!
Leave it alone, you guys!
No, keep away!
[Sniffling]
Huh?
Hmm?
[Sniffs]
Whoa!
That guy is cool.
I wonder where he's going.
Wow! This plane looks
pretty fast,
but I bet I can make it
even faster!
SONIC:
What do you think you're doing?
[Laughs]
Sorry, but when I see a machine,
I can't help myself.
I hope you don't mind I changed
the engine to make it faster.
Hmm, I like what you did
with the color, too.
[Laughs]
Come and see what else I did.
So, you've been
following me around all morning
to check out my airplane,
or is there something else
you want?
Well, you see, I like to build
and repair stuff,
so they all make fun of me.
You looked cool,
so I followed you.
And when I found your plane,
I figured I'd fix it up,
and we could be friends.
If you want to.
Well, what's your name, pal?
Miles Prower.
But my friends call me "Tails."
My name's Sonic.
Nice job, Tails.
I could use a mechanic
and a friend.
You mean that?
Ha!
You bet!
Everybody picked on me.
If somebody doesn't stop
these bullies,
they'll wreck this place.
And I won't let that happen.
You two take your bulldozers
and get out!
This little furball is really
starting to get on my nerves.
[Growls]
If you don't stop, those
animals will lose their home!
You better close
this construction site now,
or I'll close it myself!
Aah!
Uh-oh.
Next time you bother with us,
we dig hole and drop you in.
- Uh!
You know, Tails,
we're gonna need some help
to stop this dam
from getting built.
But who?
Okay!
Listen up, everybody,
we have to work together!
We have to fight
to protect the nature preserve
and stop that dam!
MAN: I can't believe it.
I love the preserve.
We must do something
to stop them!
[Indistinct shouting]
You won't get away with this,
you creeps!
But we build this dam
to generate power for your homes
to run blenders
and other electric devices.
There isn't
even enough water here!
Da, okay.
[Laughs nervously]
Huh?
So those two brought
this mob here!
This is restricted area.
You must all leave here at once!
You go home!
We're staying here!
- Okay!
- Yeah!
[Laughter]
Have no fear, Boris.
The dam will be finished,
and we will be rich.
But without water here,
how can dam make power?
Is dry now, but pouring
this gas on plants
and setting it on fire
will cause a natural disaster.
When plants burn up, rainwater
will have nowhere to flow.
Soon whole land will flood,
and people will beg us
to finish dam.
And we will make them to pay.
- Sergei, I am loving this plan.
- [Footsteps]
- Hmm?
- Huh?
Aah!
A monkey monster!
We have intruded its territory.
We're sorry!
Huh?
They are not Sonic.
Neither of them bears
a resemblance
to a blue hedgehog like that.
You see?
But that really is Sonic!
Move it, E-65!
Go catch Sonic now!
[Grunting]
Pound on Sonic, not us!
That's enough!
Want to challenge me, chimp?
Hey, you artificial ape,
I'm right here!
Sergei, please,
let's forget the dam.
No way.
Grab the gasoline cans.
Okay.
[Panting]
Ha!
Lost it.
That big ape
moves more like a slug.
Huh?
That big slug just slugged me!
You will pour gas on trees.
I light fire.
Yes, Sergei.
I beg your pardon.
Huh?
Did either of you gents
see a blue hedgehog run by here?
Another crazy weirdo.
[Growls]
So I'm a crazy weirdo, am I?
Well, I have news for you,
Mr. Big Shot.
I'm going to cut you
down to size!
Aah!
- Aah!
- Forget dam!
- We go home now!
[Laughs evilly]
That's right, keep running.
You're just like
that lily-livered Sonic.
Ha!
Speak of the daredevil!
Eggman built this robot
with camouflage ability.
How can I defeat something
I can't even see?
[Groans]
[Eggman laughing]
You've met your match!
Eggman!
E-65 strikes without warning.
[Laughs evilly]
E-65 will make a monkey
out of Sonic!
Where's that robot?!
[Sighs]
I can't see that thing,
so I'll have to hear it.
Aah!
Ugh!
Ha!
Get back here, Sonic!
You coward!
Nope!
Come and get me, Eggman!
Don't just lie there.
Follow that hedgehog!
Huh?
Let us alone!
Ha ha!
TAILS:
Now that everything's okay here,
Chris and I are gonna go
back home.
CHRIS: We're really glad that
your preserve is safe again.
Let's go look for Sonic now.
Hmm!
Sonic!
Hey!
Hi!
What have you guys
been up to today?
We stopped these guys
from building a huge dam
and saved a nature preserve!
There's Sonic!
Hurry!
Oh, no!
What do we do now?!
I can take care of this.
[Grunts]
Get him now!
Ha!
- Oops!
- Huh?
Huh, I think I just
spotted its weak spot.
Oh, no!
E-65 camouflages itself
when you see it
next to plants and rocks
but not when
it's up against metal!
I must get rid
of everything metal.
[Laughs evilly]
Soon E-65 will be able to
turn invisible again.
- Huh?!
There won't be a scrap of metal
left here!
We got no dam, no equipment,
no nothing.
[Grunting]
Sonic is whomping us big-time!
We better get out of here quick!
This gorilla is a goner!
Sonic!
Let's end this now.
[Growls]
Bye-bye!
- Go, Sonic!
Ha!
Okay, Sonic.
Now it's just you and me.
Ready when you are, Eggman!
Ready.
Me too!
[Metallic crash]
Aah!
I'll be back!
[Laughter]
I have a message for you.
Here.
It's from Dr. Eggman, of course.
You think you've defeated me,
but I'm still in command here.
Hmm.
And to prove it,
I'm going to have Bokkun here
perform a little tap dance!
Ohh!
[Whimpering]
Oh!
How embarrassing!
[Crying]
[Siren wails]
You stopped those creeps.
- Yeah!
But Eggman helped.
If he hadn't made us crash,
we never would have been here
to save the animals.
You're right!
[Both laugh]
[Siren wailing]
Ha ha!